it sounds like a car accident to me it's
two messes of steel just clashing
against each other the coolness factor
is definitely a drop in the world of
martial arts that's you can see I am
getting myself ready if they give
old-school right now I'm putting on
medieval underwear a whole new meaning
this is a over six hundred year old
tradition they're knights and shining
armor and it's very heavy shiny armor
harness like this for me with all my
weapons with me about 80 pounds every
element element grew up playing Dungeons
and Dragons what's the coolest thing
about this you could say she still is to
my PhD dissertation is on medieval trial
by combat so it kind of fit right into
it okay so the shoes might look a bit
goofy and yes it is hard to go to the
little Knights win
usually there's other things you need to
be more concerned about but looking to
the rise this is what the VARs are downs
assuming you can even see their eyes and
you'll see they mean business this was a
real commercial art designed by people
who are really trying to kill each other
and the moves really worked so what will
you want to be Lancelot's out there is
that your really hard don't try this at
home okay that's enough of that and you
know what don't try this year now if I
see that coming it's not gonna bother me
it's what I it's when I don't see it
coming that really sucks they get
together every weekend it's a train
study and fight so what we're doing is
we're playing through three landed roles
one three bag of frozen peas helps cool
off the pain
Oh +3 and when it's all said and done
these weekend warriors will be heading
off into the sunset to face a different
kind of battle I think I'm gonna be
cleaning my eavestroughs
and then barbecuing some meat Mohammed
Leela CBC News Toronto